[Document] Adding UDF by impl ScalarUDFImpl (#9172)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/adding-udfs.md

## Adding a Scalar UDF

> A Scalar UDF is a function that takes a row of data and returns a single value. In the example, we will add a function takes a single i64 and returns a single i64 with 1 added to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Scalar UDF is a function that takes a row of data and returns a single value. In order for good performance
such functions are "vectorized" in DataFusion, meaning they get one or more Arrow Arrays as input and produce
an Arrow Array with the same number of rows as output.

To create a Scalar UDF, you
1.  Implement the `ScalarUDFImpl` trait to tell DataFusion about your function such as what types of arguments it takes and how to calculate the results. 
2. Create a `ScalarUDF` and register it with `SessionContext::register_udf` so it can be invoked by name.

In the following example, we will add a function takes a single i64 and returns a single i64 with 1 added to it:
```

use datafusion_expr::{ScalarUDFImpl, ScalarUDF};

#[derive(Debug)]
struct AddOne {
    signature: Signature
};

impl AddOne {
    fn new() -> Self {
        Self {
            signature: Signature::uniform(1, vec![DataType::Int32], Volatility::Immutable)
        }
    }
}

/// Implement the ScalarUDFImpl trait for AddOne
impl ScalarUDFImpl for AddOne {
    fn as_any(&self) -> &dyn Any { self }
    fn name(&self) -> &str { "add_one" }
    fn signature(&self) -> &Signature { &self.signature }
    fn return_type(&self, args: &[DataType]) -> Result<DataType> {
      if !matches!(args.get(0), Some(&DataType::Int32)) {
        return plan_err!("add_one only accepts Int32 arguments");
      }
      Ok(DataType::Int32)
    }
    // The actual implementation would add one to the argument
    fn invoke(&self, args: &[ColumnarValue]) -> Result<ColumnarValue> {
        let args = columnar_values_to_array(args)?;
        let i64s = as_int64_array(&args[0])?;

        let new_array = i64s
        .iter()
        .map(|array_elem| array_elem.map(|value| value + 1))
        .collect::<Int64Array>();
        Ok(Arc::new(new_array))
    }
 }

> 

Reviewer: I suggest ending the first code block here and then adding a sentence:

> We now need to register the function with DataFusion so that it can be used in the context of a query.

(then rest of the example)

// Create a new ScalarUDF from the implementation
let add_one = ScalarUDF::from(AddOne::new());

// register the UDF with the context so it can be invoked by name and from SQL
let mut ctx = SessionContext::new();
ctx.register_udf(add_one.clone());

// Call the function `add_one(col)`
let expr = add_one.call(vec![col("a")]);
```

> ### Adding a Scalar UDF by [`create_udf`]
> 
> [`create_udf`] is easy to use, but it still requires Arc's of anonymous functions, and its function is limited.

Reviewer: As you mention, it probably is reasonable not to spend too much time commenting on this method. How about this for wording

```suggestion
### Adding a Scalar UDF by [`create_udf`]

There is a an older, more concise, but also more limited API [`create_udf`] available as well
```

The challenge however is that DataFusion doesn't know about this function. We need to register it with DataFusion so that it can be used in the context of a query.

### Registering a Scalar UDF
#### Registering a Scalar UDF

To register a Scalar UDF, you need to wrap the function implementation in a [`ScalarUDF`] struct and then register it with the `SessionContext`.
DataFusion provides the [`create_udf`] and helper functions to make this easier.

> There is a lower level API with more functionality but is more complex, that is documented in [`advanced_udf.rs`].

Author: I doubt a little that whether my PR is necessary, it seems that there's already a updated link that helps user create scalarUDF by `impl trait`. 🤔 What do you think ? @alamb

Reviewer: I think the value of this library guide is the surrounding text, so it seems ok to me to have the code replicated in two places
